Docs: explanation what is backed up and why (#599)
jenkinsci/kubernetes-operator: website/content/en/docs/Getting Started/latest/configure-backup-and-restore.md

  Prevent loss of job history
---

> Because of Jenkins Operator's architecture, the configuration of Jenkins should be done using ConfigurationAsCode 

> > or GroovyScripts and jobs should be defined as SeedJobs. It means that there is no point to back any job configuration 
> > up. Therefore, the backup script take copy of jobs history only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> or GroovyScripts and jobs should be defined as SeedJobs. It means that there is no point in backing any job configuration 
> up. Therefore, the backup script takes (makes) a copy of jobs history only.
```
